welcome to the men of recaps this is
Deadpool 1 meet Deadpool he's an r-rated
superhero whose greatest power is being
able to break the fourth wall and
wisecrack about looking Wolverines balls
the movie starts with him leaping from
the overpass and lengthening in the car
full of bad guys beating them up things
get quickly out of hand more bad guys
show up and he only remembered to bring
12 bullets with him so he has to make
each one count he's after this one bad
guy in particular named Francis who in
his backstory made him super ugly
someone shows up though it's Colossus
from the x-men he's brought with him
negasonic teenage warhead these were the
only two x-men in the studio could
afford they've come to put a stop to his
very public murder rampage but while
they're talking Francis gets away
Colossus if you can't guess by looking
at him is not someone you want to punch
so they dragged him out of there but Ted
Poole cuts his hand off to escape now
it's a flashback backstory
Wade Wilson is a mercenary type he
threatens pizza boys to stop stalking
teenage girls his best friend is Erlich
Bachman who's a bartender at the
mercenary bar where they've all got a
bet going on who will die first they
call the Deadpool one night he meets a
hottie named Vanessa and long story
short these two fall in love but Wade
gets the cancer he's approached by the
sketchy agent guy who's like we can hear
your cancer we're doing a super-soldier
program but this isn't apt in America
it's run by bad guys and they fix you
with the shot-caller after to make you a
super slave to sell to the highest
bidder it's run by this guy named Ajax
but Deadpool likes to call him by his
real name Francis they try to unlock
your latent mutations by injecting you
with super drugs and basically torturing
you and it works he's got super powers
but unfortunately now he's super ugly
Francis is like huh I could have you
keep your powers and make you not ugly
but I'm not gonna cuz you're a dick so
he busts on out of there but Ajax beats
him up and leaves him to die but he
survives because luckily his power is
he's got ultra regeneration he wants to
see his girlfriend but he realizes he'll
just scare her off looking like this so
he wants to hunt down Francis make him
reverse it he wears white on his first
outing which is not great for blood
stains so he changes to the red uniform
and he's the Deadpool we all know and
love he finds the agent guy who gives up
Francis's location so Deadpool hops a
cabbie
helps the driver with his love life and
then it's the whole highway scene and it
brings us up to the present
Deadpool goes home to his roommate who's
a dirty old blind woman they build an
IKEA cabinet together while he waits for
his baby hands to grow back
but the bad guys go to the bar find a
picture of Vanessa so Deadpool's got to
go warner at her place of business a
strip club he's still too scared to talk
to her though so the bad guys get her
first so Deadpool goes to the x-men
house get some backup and the three of
them go on in for the final battle the
bad guys have this super-strong girl who
fights Colossus they got a bunch of
nameless henchmen too but deadpool takes
care of so that's the final battle
between deadpool and francis though
deadpool can heal anything a knife to
the head slows him down quite a bit but
down below negasonic teenage warhead is
doing her thing so the whole whatever
they're fighting on falls down
Vanessa survives and Deadpool finally
gets francis like alright man time to
make me pretty again but he's like well
it was lying when I said I could do that
this is irreversible so Deadpool's gonna
shoot him but colossus like wait no a
true hero doesn't kill someone to play
him Deadpool's like yeah i don't care
and then he finally shows Vanessa what's
under his mask another mask of Hugh
Jackman but under that mask she sees his
true face and she's like wow yeah you're
hugly but it's okay she still loves him
and that's how deadpool 1 comes to an
end
[Music]